Brother, what do you call me?
I say something
Thousand watches
Million Pocket
Limited edition suit leather shoes
The younger brother is as handsome as in the photo
Wu Bao, he's not you
He is so rich as his brother
Mommy won't have to work hard anymore
That's what this lady does.
The book taught him to jump eggs since he was a child
We don't need a royal
Because I'm a rich man.
Ask me for a moon suit
Rich people who pay a lot of money to see a doctor can circle the earth three times
I'm not a rich man, who is a rich man?
Just your brother and mommy, let's go home
The second brother has gone back
I clearly saw Erbao get into that car just now
Did you read it wrong?
kid
I don't want money, how can you tell me the rules?
Teacher, you are my father
Your name is Baron Yi
richest man in the country
Let men get married and have children
If the children go back with him
If there is a stepmother, there is a stepfather
My babies must not be wronged
He must never know that these children are his
I am sick.